Crisply sweet, cocoa-toned. Lemon blossom, roasted cacao nib, date, rice candy, white peppercorn in aroma and cup. Savory-tart structure; delicate, silky mouthfeel. The richly drying finish leads with cocoa-toned, crisply sweet floral notes in the short and a hint of spice (white peppercorn) in the long.
Delicate, sweetly spice-toned. Pink peppercorn, date, myrrh, lavender, roasted cacao nib in aroma and cup. Crisp, spice-toned structure with citrus-like acidity; satiny, very smooth mouthfeel. The crisply sweet finish centers around spice and pungent floral notes.
Deeply sweet, subtly pungent. Honey, pear, tangerine zest, dark chocolate, pistachio in aroma and cup. Sweet and juicy yet crisp in structure (think ripe pear); plush and buoyant in mouthfeel. Resonant and flavor saturated in the short finish; simplifies around hints of tangerine and pistachio in the long.
Delicate, richly and sweetly tart. Dried hibiscus, fine musk, almond, sandalwood, raspberry in aroma and cup. Fruit-toned, deeply sweet structure with gently-expressed acidity; buoyant, satiny-smooth mouthfeel. The crisp, flavor-saturated finish is characterized by sweet-tart fruit and floral tones (raspberry, hibiscus).
High-toned, floral. Dried apricot, magnolia, almond butter, maple syrup, cherry brandy in aroma and cup. Crisp, sweetly-tart in structure; plush, syrupy mouthfeel. Notes of magnolia and dried apricot dominate in the flavor-laden short finish, with hints of almond butter and fruit brandy in the long.
Very delicate, sweetly savory. Lemon verbena, allspice, dried persimmon, dogwood, baker’s chocolate in aroma and cup. Balanced, sweet-savory structure; velvety-smooth mouthfeel. The sweetly herb-toned finish centers on notes of lemon verbena and dried persimmon wrapped in baker’s chocolate.
High-toned, crisply sweet. Lemon blossom, apricot, frankincense, spearmint, roasted cacao nib in aroma and cup. Balanced, complete sweet-savory structure; satiny, full mouthfeel. Sweet spearmint notes carry the cocoa-toned finish, with hints of lemon blossom and apricot.
Balanced, sweet-savory. Red currant, roasted cacao nib, clove, blood orange zest, frankincense in aroma and cup. Savory-sweet structure with lively acidity; syrupy mouthfeel. The resonant, spice-toned finish leads with intimations of clove and roasted cacao nib in the short, rounding to rich fruit tones with hints of frankincense in the long.
Surprising and melodic, delicate yet vivid. Lilac and lemon blossom, fresh sweet grass, honey, moist pipe tobacco, fresh-cut elm in aroma and cup. In structure subtly and sweetly tart. Very light, silky mouthfeel. Unexpectedly rich and flavor-saturated in the finish: pipe tobacco, honey, lemon blossom.
Delicate, gently tart, spice-toned. Pomegranate, cocoa powder, lemon blossom, white peppercorn, hazelnut in aroma and cup. Lively, quietly complex structure; crisp, buoyant mouthfeel. The finish leads with gently drying notes of hazelnut and white peppercorn in the short and segues to cocoa-toned citrus blossoms in the long. 
Rich, sweet-toned, balanced. Nougat, pink peppercorn, lemongrass, roasted cacao nib, tea rose in aroma and cup. Floral-toned, bittersweet structure; delicate, satiny mouthfeel. Notes of aromatic wood and spice-toned florals carry the gently drying finish.
Crisply sweet, multi-faceted. Candied violet, dark chocolate, pungent juniper wood, grapefruit zest, mango in aroma and cup. Sweetly tart structure with juicy acidity; satiny mouthfeel. The resonant finish centers around mango and violet in the short and dark chocolate in the long, with a hint of aromatic wood.
Spectacularly sweet and hugely aromatic. Meyer lemon marmalade, cedar, pistachio, guava, jasmine in aroma and cup. Crisply sweet/tart and massively juicy in structure; plush, buoyant mouthfeel. The juicy structure and complex aromatics persist in a long, lingering finish.   
Crisply sweet-savory. Lavender, roasted cacao nib, strawberry guava, hazelnut, toasted barley in aroma and cup. Sweetly floral structure with savory undertones; crisp, velvety mouthfeel. The cocoa-toned finish leads with spicy florals and tropical fruit in the short, grounded by pleasing notes of toasted barley in the long.
Sweetly pungent, gently roasty. Scorched cedar, dark chocolate, plum, lavender, lime zest in aroma and cup. Complex in structure: sweetly tart with a roasty, savory depth. Light, satiny mouthfeel. Lemon zest, dark chocolate, plum carry into a rich though drying finish.
Elegant, deep, sweetly savory. Jasmine, sandalwood, plum, nutella-like nut and cocoa, tangerine zest in aroma and cup. High-toned, balanced structure with citrusy acidity; syrupy-smooth mouthfeel. The finish is long, resonant and flavor-saturated, carrying through on the promise of the cup.
Bright, richly sweet, complex. Red currant, lilac, dark chocolate, lime zest, redwood in aroma and cup. Sweetly savory in structure, with juicy acidity; plush, syrupy mouthfeel. The balanced finish is resonant with notes of red currant and dark chocolate, with hints of lime zest. 
Delicately sweet and balanced with a subtle hint of fermented fruit. Peach, sweet chocolate, sandalwood, honeysuckle, almond in aroma and cup. Gently and sweetly bright in structure; light yet satiny in mouthfeel. Quiet but resonantly long finish: peach, chocolate, almond.
Deeply and pungently sweet-tart. Lavender, grapefruit zest, sandalwood, blackberry, a hint of baker’s chocolate in aroma and cup. Simultaneously brightly tart and deeply savory in structure. Lightly syrupy, plush mouthfeel. Grapefruit zest and blackberry carry into a crisply resonant finish.
Sweet, spice-toned, pungent. Hazelnut, cocoa, ripe cantaloupe, tangerine zest, a hint of cinnamon in aroma and cup. Complexly structured: very sweet, gently tart, slightly bitterish. Syrupy and full in mouthfeel. Cocoa and tangerine carry into a deep, long finish.
Delicate, sweetly tart. Strawberry, caramel, musk, cocoa butter, magnolia in aroma and cup. Quietly tart-leaning structure with sweet undertones; plush, syrupy body. The perfumy, almost musk-like finish is characterized by tart fruit notes in the short and cocoa butter in the long.
Deeply sweet, fruit- and cocoa-toned. Baker’s chocolate, dried coconut, tea rose, almond, cedar in aroma and cup. Fruit-toned structure with round, gentle acidity; crisp though syrupy mouthfeel. The spice-toned finish suggests homemade fruitcake, with notes of dried fruit, nuts and warming spices. 
Deeply sweet, chocolate-toned. Dark chocolate, Brazil nut, gardenia, baked apple, cedar in aroma and cup. Roundly sweet in structure; lean, lightly syrupy body. The gently drying finish is characterized by notes of dark chocolate throughout, supported by gardenia and apple tones in the short and cedar in the long. 
Richly sweet, fruit-toned. Dried strawberry, dark chocolate, freesia-like flowers, tangerine zest, a hint of aged rum in aroma and cup. Sweetly round in structure; syrupy mouthfeel. The finish is crisply and richly drying with lingering hints of aged rum enveloped by dark chocolate. 
Intensely sweet, intricately rich. Pink grapefruit zest, blackberry, fresh pipe tobacco, lavender, baker’s chocolate in aroma and cup. Balanced, sweet-savory structure; crisp, satiny, buoyant mouthfeel. The resonant finish leads with notes of berry and citrus zest in the short, rounding to chocolate in the long, with spicy florals throughout.
Crisp, sweet-savory. Mulberry, pink peppercorn, maple syrup, gardenia, cedar in aroma and cup. Crisply sweet-savory in structure; viscous, velvety mouthfeel. The rich though drying finish centers around spicy florals and berry tones in the short and notes of aromatic wood and maple syrup in the long.
Crisp, sweetly tart. Dark chocolate, pie cherry, cedar, honey, magnolia in aroma and cup. Bittersweet in structure with crisp, citrus-like acidity; velvety mouthfeel. The finish consolidates to honey-toned stonefruit in the short and dark chocolate in the long.
Complex, uniquely sweet, tropical. Plumeria, roasted cacao nib, mango, sandalwood, nougat in aroma and cup. Sweetly tart structure with bright, juicy acidity; syrupy mouthfeel. The finish carries through on the promise of the cup, with rich florals in the short and deep fruit notes in the long, where a new element, a soft fruit tone suggesting coconut, surfaces.
Spice-toned, richly sweet. Raspberry, dark chocolate, hazelnut, gardenia, bergamot in aroma and cup. Sweet, fruit-forward structure; full, satiny mouthfeel. The resonant, flavor-saturated finish is characterized by notes of rich chocolate with berry and bittersweet citrus complications.
Sweet, deep, intense but balanced. Peach, maple syrup, sandalwood, grapefruit zest, almond, magnolia in aroma and cup. Round, resonantly and sweetly bright in structure. Silky and buoyant in mouthfeel. Deep, long, flavor-saturated finish.
Crisply and sweetly tart, delicate yet confident. Peach, vanilla bean, grapefruit zest, almond, pink peppercorn in aroma and cup. Poised in structure: sweet, tart, savory. Mouthfeel is cushiony, plush. Flavor saturates a savory-edged, drying finish.
Spice-toned, chocolaty. Chocolate-toned malt, date, hazelnut, fresh pipe tobacco, stick cinnamon in aroma and cup. Richly bittersweet in structure; velvety-smooth mouthfeel. The finish is richly chocolate-toned with a hint of cinnamon.
Deeply sweet, delicately zesty, complexly fruit- and floral-toned. Peach, grapefruit zest, alyssum-like flowers, dark chocolate, cinnamon in aroma and cup. Sweetly tart in structure, with a deepening savory-bitter edge. Light, satiny mouthfeel; flavor saturates a deep, richly floral and chocolate-toned finish.
Evaluated as espresso. Crisply sweet-tart. Frangipane, dark chocolate, cedar, tamarind, jasmine in aroma and small cup. Crisp, velvety mouthfeel; nut-toned, richly tannic finish. In cappuccino-scaled milk, invitingly bittersweet, with notes of dark chocolate and jasmine in harmony.
Richly sweet, crisply complex, spice-toned. Lilac, bergamot, white peach, caramelized walnut, sandalwood in aroma and cup. Delicate, sweetly tart, juicy in structure; crisp, satiny mouthfeel. The quietly resonant finish is flavor-saturated: stonefruit and bergamot carry the short and sandalwood-nuanced lilac notes resurface in the long.
Delicate, crisply sweet. Dried coconut, baker’s chocolate, candied violet, cedar, nutmeg in aroma and cup. Balanced, sweet-tart structure; silky mouthfeel. The gently drying finish is carried by notes of chocolate-toned coconut in the short and cedar in the long, with a whisper of sweet candied violet.
Sweet-toned, fruit-forward. Raspberry, cedar, baker’s chocolate, gardenia, molasses in aroma and cup. Bittersweet structure; velvety mouthfeel. The crisp, gently drying finish leads with notes of chocolate-toned berries in the short, and spicy-sweet florals and aromatic wood notes in the long.
Richly sweet, high-toned. Maple syrup, orange zest, roasted cacao nib, peach, cedar in aroma and cup. Sweet-tart structure; satiny mouthfeel. The resonant finish has a throughline of roasted cacao nib, accompanied by notes of peach and maple syrup in the short and orange zest and cedar in the long. 
Vibrant, richly sweet, clear-toned. Roasted cacao nib, ginger blossom, dried fig, sandalwood, sugar cane in aroma and cup. Lushly sweet-tart in structure with juicy acidity; crisp, velvety mouthfeel. The deep, resonant finish is flavor-laden, fulfilling the promise of the cup with spicy floral notes in the short and cocoa-toned fruit in the long.
Delicate, sweetly spice-toned. Red currant, lemon verbena, baker’s chocolate, rose hips, a hint of cannabis in aroma and cup. Crisply sweet-savory structure; crisp, velvety mouthfeel. The finish is sweetly herb-toned, leading with notes of lemon verbena and red currant in the short and a sweet muskiness akin to cannabis in the long, with a throughline of baker’s chocolate.
Sweetly savory, layered. Rhododendron-like flowers, cinnamon, baker’s chocolate, cedar, red currant in aroma and cup. Round, savory-leaning structure; crisp, velvety mouthfeel. The quiet finish centers on notes of vanilla-like florals and baker’s chocolate, with a hint of cinnamon. 
Richly sweet, chocolate-toned. Molasses, baker’s chocolate, lily, cedar, black peppercorn in aroma and cup. Bittersweet structure with round, gentle acidity; velvety-smooth mouthfeel. The finish is thoroughly chocolate-toned, leading with baker’s chocolate in the short complicated by deep florals and aromatic wood, rounding to cocoa powder and molasses in the long.
Deeply sweet, intensely pungent. Dark chocolate, tangerine zest, star jasmine, maple syrup, frankincense in aroma and cup. Deeply sweet-toned in structure with lively, bright acidity; satiny mouthfeel. The finish is as elegant as the cup implies: flavor-saturated, floral-, chocolate- and fruit-toned in both short and long.
Richly savory, sweetly herb-toned. Baker’s chocolate, fennel, black cherry, cedar, wisteria-like flowers in aroma and cup. Round, deeply sweet in structure; syrupy mouthfeel. The cocoa-toned finish leads with black cherry in the short, which settles into a cedar-toned flowers in the long. 
Delicately sweet-tart, fruit-toned. Strawberry, aged rum, cocoa powder, pink peppercorn, celery seed in aroma and cup. Sweetly fermenty in structure; satiny-smooth in mouthfeel. A hint of aged rum carries the finish, accompanied by berry notes in the short and spice-toned savory notes in the long.
Gently bittersweet, deeply floral-toned. Baker’s chocolate, aromatic orchid, hazelnut, oak in aroma and cup. Low-toned, crisply bittersweet in structure. Mouthfeel is light though silky. The finish consolidates to a rich, oaky chocolate.   
Resonantly fruit-forward, elegant, complex. Honey, dried raspberry, chocolate truffle, aged rum, a hint of marjoram in aroma and cup. Juicy, rich structure with bright, vibrant acidity; full, satiny mouthfeel. A suggestion of sweet marjoram complicates the rich, flavor-saturated finish, which leads with honey and raspberry notes in the short, rounding to chocolate and aged rum in the long.
Crisply sweet, spice-toned. Dried papaya, caramel, tangerine zest, pink-peppercorn, vanilla in aroma and cup. High-toned, sweetly tart in structure with juicy, bright acidity; lean, though satiny-smooth mouthfeel. The resonant, richly drying finish is laden with sweet notes of caramel and papaya in the short, turning more savory-leaning in the long, with hints of pink peppercorn wrapped in vanilla. 
Resonantly bright, floral-toned. Jasmine, frankincense, cardamom, toffee, apricot in aroma and cup. Balanced, sweetly tart structure with juicy acidity; crisp, velvety mouthfeel. The deep, flavor-saturated finish leads with caramel-toned apricot in the short, with rich florals resurfacing in the long. 
Deeply rich, spicy sweet. Pear, cedar, vanilla, grapefruit zest, cumin in aroma and cup. Tartly bittersweet in structure; full, syrupy though drying mouthfeel. Resonant finish consolidates around pear and a floral-toned vanilla. 
Delicate, deeply sweet, complexly layered. Passionfruit, roasted cacao nib, frankincense, lilac, almond in aroma and cup. Balanced, sweet-tart structure with juicy acidity; crisp, satiny mouthfeel. The richly cocoa-toned finish is redolent of tropical fruit and fragrant aromatic wood.
Deep, intense, sweetly perfumy, savory-edged. Dark chocolate, vanilla, dried mango, sandalwood, a hint of dried mint in aroma and cup. Very sweet though also rather drying and tannic in structure; satiny mouthfeel. Resonant, flavor-saturated finish, sweet yet spicy, particularly impressive in the long.
Evaluated as espresso. Intensely chocolaty, vivaciously fruit-toned. Dark chocolate, narcissus, pie cherry, molasses, sandalwood in aroma and small cup. Rich, syrupy mouthfeel. A resonant finish leads with cherry and narcissus notes in the short and sandalwood-toned chocolate in the long. In three parts milk, dark chocolate envelopes deeply stated fruit and floral notes. 
Fruit-forward, delicate yet intense. Complex flowers (lily to lavendar), sandalwood, dark chocolate, plum, a hint of brandy in aroma and cup. Roundly and deeply crisp in structure; lightly satiny in mouthfeel. The finish is resonant and sweet with chocolate and a continuing hint of brandy.
Delicate, sweetly tart. Roasted cacao nib, honeysuckle, tamarind, spearmint, plum in aroma and cup. Balanced structure with brisk acidity; crisp, satiny mouthfeel. Bittersweet in the short finish and sweetly wood-framed in the long.
Delicate but richly intricate. Cocoa, almond paste, lemon verbena, hints of lily and grappa-like spirits in aroma and cup. Savory-sweet and brisk, though juicy in structure. Very lightly syrupy in mouthfeel. The finish is deeply savory-sweet and crisply flavor-saturated. 
Deeply and richly sweet; spice-toned. Lavender, mulberry, bay leaf, lemon zest, allspice in aroma and cup. Sweet-toned structure with vibrant acidity; buoyant, silky mouthfeel. The long, resonant finish is laden with spice-toned floral notes and bright berry suggestions.
Richly sweet, floral-toned. Wisteria, roasted cacao nib, almond, caramel, hint of musk in aroma and cup. Balanced, sweetly tart structure with juicy acidity; crisply velvety mouthfeel. The finish consolidates to a pretty cocoa-toned musk in the short, with almond and caramel resurfacing in the long.
Delicate but deeply and quietly intense. Cocoa, peach, fresh-cut fir, brown sugar, a hint of lush, lily-like flowers in aroma and cup. Balanced, crisply sweet in structure; light-footed and lively in mouthfeel. Cocoa dominates in a resonant, flavor-saturated finish. 
Big, round, deeply resonant, layered. Fresh-cut cedar, baker’s chocolate, autumn squash, a hint of thyme in aroma and cup. Sweet-savory, low-toned in structure; full, syrupy in mouthfeel. In the finish most flavor details fade, but a powerful, chocolate-complicated sweetness rings on.
Roundly and sweetly citrusy. Ripe tangerine, caramel, freesia-like flowers, cedar, a hint perhaps of fresh parsley-like herb in aroma and cup. Sweetly and gently tart, pure and juicy in structure. Very smooth, fullish, satiny mouthfeel. Flavor consolidates in a layered, resonant finish. 
Lush, vibrant; intricate and balanced. Fine musk, dried jasmine, passionfruit, bergamot, dark chocolate in aroma and cup. Complex, richly sweet structure with bright acidity. Buoyant, silky mouthfeel. The resonant finish fulfills the promise of the cup, carrying all of the flavor notes, including a hint of white sage, well into the long.
Delicate, crisply sweet-savory, roast-rounded. Dark chocolate, orange blossom, almond, sandalwood, tamari in aroma and cup. Savory sweet in structure  with gentle acidity; crisp, satiny mouthfeel. The finish is rich with notes of dark chocolate and almond in the short, with savory-sweet hints of tamari and sandalwood incense in the long.
Deeply sweet, richly wood-framed. Watermelon candy, sandalwood, narcissus-like flowers, toasted pecan, maple syrup in aroma and cup. Bittersweet structure; crisp, satiny mouthfeel. Aromatic wood leads in the short finish, while notes of watermelon candy (think Jolly Rancher) and sweet florals resurface in the long.
Deeply and richly sweet. Strawberry, peach, sandalwood, almond butter, chrysanthemum in aroma and cup. Sweetly tart structure; crisp, satiny mouthfeel. The quiet finish consolidates around notes of almond and sandalwood.
Intricately layered, deeply and sweetly pungent. Roasted cacao nib, lemon zest, lilac, candied ginger, frankincense in aroma and cup. Sweet-tart structure with bright, juicy acidity; full, syrupy mouthfeel. The complex finish sustains all of the flavor notes from the cup, sweet flowers in particular.
Richly sweet, spice-toned. Dried cherry, lemon zest, baker’s chocolate, cashew, a hint of cayenne in aroma and cup. Delicate, sweetly tart structure with bright acidity; crisp, velvety mouthfeel. The flavor-saturated finish centers on citrus notes and chocolate in the short, with a suggestion of cayenne in the long.
Sweetly pungent, high-toned. Dried apple, orange blossom, toffee, cedar, dark chocolate in aroma and cup. Sweetly tart structure, with juicy acidity; buoyant, silky mouthfeel. The finish is deeply sweet and resonant, with notes of orange blossom and toffee in the short, rounding to chocolate in the long.
Balanced and bright with a savory, root-vegetable depth. Lemon verbena, ripe orange zest, roasted cacao nib, rhododendron, a hint of brothy cooked root vegetables in aroma and cup. Structure is quietly sweet/tart with a savory edge; the mouthfeel round, syrupy and full. The finish is richly drying, consolidating around cacao nib and a ripe zesty orange.
Crisp, delicate, yet intense and original. Lush, rose-like flowers, dark chocolate, cedar, almond, ripe pineapple in aroma and cup. Balanced and complete in structure, poised at a round, satisfying intersection of sweet, tart and bitter. Light but syrupy in texture. Layered and resonant in the finish: rose, chocolate, almond all ring on.
Bright, richly sweet. Lime blossom, raspberry jam, sandalwood, roasted cacao nib, maple syrup in aroma and cup. Sweetly tart in structure with juicy acidity; viscous, buoyant mouthfeel. The finish leads with citrus and berry notes in the short, segueing to sandalwood-framed sweet florals in the long.
Richly sweet, fruit-toned. Raspberry jam, almond butter, rhododendron-like flowers, grappa, cocoa powder in aroma and cup. Sweet-tart structure with fruit-forward acidity; plush, syrupy mouthfeel. The finish consolidates around deep raspberry and cocoa notes, with a heady hint of sweet ferment.
Delicate, intricately sweet. Dried mango, roasted cacao nib, honeysuckle, freesia-like flowers, a hint of cumin in aroma and cup. Deeply rich, balanced  structure; crisp, satiny mouthfeel. The finish is animated by lively mango and freesia notes in the short, quieting to cocoa-toned honeysuckle in the long.
Richly sweet, spice-toned. Black currant, molasses, amber oil, allspice, wisteria-like flowers in aroma and cup. Deeply sweet structure; smooth, rounded acidity. The finish displays an unusual sweetly musky quality suggesting amber oil, complicated by black currant and wisteria. 
High-toned, richly sweet-savory. Mango, honey, lemongrass, oak, narcissus in aroma and cup. Balanced, sweetly savory structure with lively acidity; crisp though velvety mouthfeel. The sweetly herb-toned finish is redolent of lemongrass, supported by mango, honey and a hint of oak.
Lush, high-toned, richly sweet. Apricot, bergamot zest, nougat, sandalwood, honeysuckle in aroma and cup. Deeply sweet in structure, with juicy, bright acidity; plump, syrupy mouthfeel. The finish is seemingly eternal, resonant with all the flavor notes from the cup: stone fruit, citrus zest, nutty caramel, aromatic wood and sweet florals.
High-toned, deeply sweet. Black currant, honey, sandalwood, narcissus-like flowers, roasted cacao nib in aroma and cup. Sweet-tart in structure with juicy, bright acidity; full, syrupy-smooth mouthfeel. The resonant finish consolidates to notes of black currant and honey in the short, rich cocoa-toned sandalwood in the long.
Intensely pungent, richly vibrant, deeply sweet, startlingly original. Complex spice (cinnamon, clove, nutmeg), herb (fresh cilantro, parsley), baker’s chocolate, lime zest, sweetly pungent spirits (Brazilian cachaça?) in aroma and cup. Deeply sweet and roundly tart in structure. Full, syrupy mouthfeel. The shifting, layered intrigue in the cup carries far into a long, resonant finish.
Evaluated as espresso. Layered, complex. Dark chocolate, mango, grapefruit zest, cedar, lily-like flowers in aroma and small cup. Lightly syrupy, lively mouthfeel. Mango, chocolate and a hint of flowers persist in a deeply resonant finish. Crisply lively in three-parts milk: continued chocolate and mango-like fruit, while the floral suggestions hint at butterscotch. 
Evaluated as espresso. Roundly and sweetly tart/pungent. Baker’s chocolate, almond, cedar, tangerine zest, wisteria-like flowers in aroma and small cup. Syrupy, full mouthfeel. Flavor consolidates in a rather dry though pleasingly chocolate- and cedar-toned finish. Crisp in three-parts milk: dry chocolate and rich floral hints.
Crisp, sweetly tart. Concord grape, baker’s chocolate, cedar, musk, magnolia in aroma and cup. Balanced, sweet-tart in structure with juicy acidity; full, satiny mouthfeel. The resonant finish leads with fruit and floral tones, rounding to baker’s chocolate in the long. 
Fruit-forward, spice-toned. Raspberry jam, clove, rum cordial, fresh-cut fir, dried hibiscus in aroma and cup. Sweetly tart structure with brisk acidity; lightly creamy mouthfeel. Clove and raspberry drive the sweet-toned short finish, while notes of fresh-cut fir reappear in the long.
Delicate, sweetly spice-toned. Peach blossom, hazelnut, pink peppercorn, lime zest, cedar in aroma and cup. Sweet-tart in structure with lively, balanced acidity; plush, syrupy mouthfeel. The finish consolidates to peach blossom and hazelnut in the short, with lime zest and cedar resurfacing in the long.
Crisp, sweetly savory. Butterscotch, mesquite, cocoa powder, cooked acorn squash, fine musk in aroma and cup. Sweet-savory in structure with brisk acidity; lightly syrupy mouthfeel. The finish is carried, both short and long, by notes of cocoa and rich aromatic wood.
Crisp, delicately sweet. Baker’s chocolate, violet-like flowers, papaya, macadamia nut, molasses in aroma and cup. Balanced, bittersweet structure; impressively buoyant, velvety mouthfeel. The resonant, flavor-saturated finish consolidates around notes of violet and papaya with a throughline of molasses-like sweetness.
High-toned, deeply sweet. Honeysuckle, blackberry, cardamom, tangerine zest, sandalwood in aroma and cup. Sweet-tart structure with vibrant acidity; buoyant, satiny mouthfeel. The flavor-saturated finish leads with rich floral notes and crisply sweet suggestions of mixed berries
Sweetly spice-toned, deeply rich. Bergamot, almond, fresh parsley, gardenia, oak in aroma and cup. Crisply sweet, softly tart in structure; plush, full mouthfeel. The rich, resonant finish carries over all the notes from the cup, a nut-toned bergamot in particular.
Wildly, disconcertingly original. Sweetly tart, simultaneously fruit- and earth-toned, bright yet lush. Fresh clover, earth, fresh-pressed red grape juice, dark chocolate, white peppercorn in aroma and cup. Juicy sweet yet zesty and savory in structure. Full, syrupy mouthfeel. The finish is resonant and intensely flavor-saturated. 
Crisply sweet, fruit-toned. Blackberry, baker’s chocolate, freesia, hazelnut, cedar in aroma and cup. Sweet-tart structure with bright acidity; velvety-textured, crisp mouthfeel. The cocoa-toned finish has a berry throughline, enveloped by spicy floral notes.
 Richly sweet-savory, roast-cradled. Toasted coconut, black currant, tamari-roasted almond, myrrh, lavender in aroma and cup. Sweetly savory in structure with balanced, juicy acidity; buoyant, syrupy mouthfeel. The richly drying finish consolidates to notes of lavender and tamari-roasted almond.
Rich-toned, subtly complex. Pineapple, sandalwood, jasmine, honey, cocoa in aroma and cup. Deeply sweet in structure with juicy acidity; plush, syrupy mouthfeel. The resonant finish leads with cocoa-toned pineapple in the short, rounding to jasmine in the long.
Multi-layered, intricate. Raspberry, chocolate fudge, lavender, vanilla, rum cordial in aroma and cup. Sweetly tart in structure with fruit-toned acidity; lightly syrupy mouthfeel. The finish is crisp and richly drying, with notes of chocolate and lavender in the short and fruit-infused rum in the long.
Deeply sweet, richly savory. Lemongrass, graham cracker, sassafras, roasted cacao nib, jasmine in aroma and cup. Sweet-savory structure, with round acidity; satiny-smooth mouthfeel. The short finish is resonant with notes of lemongrass and jasmine, rounding to cocoa and graham cracker in the long.
Crisp, balanced, richly sweet. Maple syrup, apricot, hop flowers, nougat, roasted cacao nib in aroma and cup. Sweet-savory structure with lively acidity; full, satiny mouthfeel. Notes of maple syrup and apricot pleasantly dominate the finish, with enticing hints of bittersweet, hop-like florals.
Richly savory, deeply sweet. Ginger blossom, almond brittle, pear, fresh, moist forest notes, wildflower honey in aroma and cup. Structured balance among sweet, tart and savory tastes; crisp, velvety mouthfeel. The honey-toned finish leads with ginger blossom in the short and notes of pear and almond in the long.
Sweetly roast-rounded, cocoa-toned. Baker's chocolate, black currant, rose hip, singed cedar, almond brittle in aroma and cup. Crisply sweet-tart structure; delicate, syrupy mouthfeel. The richly drying finish centers around tart floral notes and baker's chocolate.
Delicate, quietly sweet-toned. Roasted cacao nib, red grape, fresh-cut fir, lemon zest, gardenia-like flowers in aroma and cup. Gentle, rounded structure; crisp, satiny mouthfeel. The finish consolidates to notes of lemon zest and gardenia with a hint of fresh-cut fir.
Nuanced, multi-layered, richly sweet. Lavender, roasted cacao nib, salted caramel, sweet aromatic mushroom, a moist foresty hint in aroma and cup. Deeply sweet-savory in structure with bright, juicy acidity; plush, velvety mouthfeel. The finish is resonant and flavor-saturated, fulfilling the promise of the cup well into the long.
High-toned, crisply sweet. Maple syrup, orange zest, honeysuckle-like flowers, cedar, almond butter in aroma and cup. Sweetly and roundly tart structure; full, satiny mouthfeel. The richly drying finish is redolent of honeysuckle and orange zest in the short, rounding to buttery nut suggestions in the long.
Richly sweet-savory, spice-toned. Black currant, roasted cacao nib, freesia-like flowers, almond, molasses in aroma and cup. Sweet-savory in structure with crisply bright acidity; velvety mouthfeel. The quietly nuanced finish centers around black currant and freesia tones in the short, molasses and almond in the long.
 Briskly sweet-tart, fruit-forward. Dark chocolate, maraschino cherry, pipe tobacco, caramel, almond in aroma and cup. Bittersweet instructure with gentle, rounded acidity; full, syrupy mouthfeel. The drying, cocoa-toned finish leads with dark chocolate in the short with maraschino cherry resurfacing in the long. 
Richly sweet, spice-toned. Ripe banana, roasted cacao nib, elm, freesia-like flowers, roasted cashew in aroma and cup. Roundly sweet-tart structure; lightly velvety mouthfeel. The crisp, richly drying finish consolidates around notes of cashew, cacao nib and a hint of spicy florals.
Delicate, chocolate-toned. Dark chocolate, hazelnut, raisin, hints of lily and oak in aroma and cup. Balanced, sweet-toned structure; satiny-smooth mouthfeel. The long finish is quietly flavor-saturated.
Delicate, sweet-toned, softly bright and balanced. Caramel, vanilla bean, cedar, almond, candied lemon zest in aroma and cup. Gently brisk in structure, light in mouthfeel. Sweet citrus framed by aromatic cedar carry into a short but pleasing finish.
Deeply and sweetly pungent, juicy. Black currant, orange zest, cocoa, lavender, oak in aroma and cup. Sweetly and gently tart in structure, gently savory-edged. Light but silky, lively mouthfeel. Quietly rich finish: orange zest and lavender. 
 Round, balanced, with a quiet but deeply layered complexity. Blackberry, cocoa, pear, lavender, roasted macadamia in aroma and cup. Sweetly and roundly bright in structure; plush and lightly syrupy in mouthfeel. A richly resonant finish consolidates around cocoa, lavender and pear.
Delicate, sweetly bright and gently lemony. Ripe lemon zest, fresh-cut cedar, carnation, roasted cashew, cocoa in aroma and cup. Roundly and lightly sweet-tart in structure; satiny in mouthfeel. Quietly resonant in the finish: flowers and cedar. 
Rich-toned, fruit-forward. Strawberry, baker’s chocolate, honeysuckle-like flowers, almond, frankincense in aroma and cup. Bittersweet structure with brisk acidity; plush, syrupy mouthfeel. The short finish is centered around berry and floral notes, while cocoa-toned almond with a hint of frankincense characterizes the long.
Deeply rich, sweet-savory. Rhododendron, mango, almond brittle, thyme, oak in aroma and cup. Sweet-toned, savory structure; full, satiny mouthfeel. The gently drying finish consolidates to notes of oak and almond, with a hint of sweet herb suggesting thyme.
Brightly sweet with a savory depth. Lemon verbena, roasted cacao nib, rhododendron, date, cedar in aroma and cup. Quietly sweet-tart structure; delicate, silky mouthfeel. The finish is richly drying, consolidating around cacao nib and lemon verbena.
Richly sweet, crisply tart. Butterscotch, lemon zest, peach, honey, fresh-cut cedar in aroma and cup. Balanced, delicately sweet-tart structure with vibrant acidity; crisp, satiny mouthfeel. The flavor-saturated finish consolidates to notes of butterscotch and lemon zest, with a hint of cedar.
Richly sweet, spice-toned. Baker’s chocolate, cinnamon, banana, cashew, citrusy lantana flowers in aroma and cup. Bittersweet in structure, with juicy acidity; velvety-smooth mouthfeel. Notes of baker’s chocolate and banana are sweetly resonant in the short finish, spice-toned florals resurface in the long.
Rich-toned, balanced, deeply sweet. Apricot, dark chocolate, hazelnut, citrusy lantana flowers, cinnamon in aroma and cup. Crisply sweet in structure with lively acidity; lightly syrupy mouthfeel. Notes of sweet-tart stone fruit carry into the long finish, supported by dark chocolate and a hint of cinnamon-like spice.
Sweetly roast-rounded, richly savory. Dark caramel, pipe tobacco, date, almond, hops in aroma and cup. Sweet-savory in structure with rounded acidity; plump, syrupy mouthfeel. The finish leads with notes of date and pipe tobacco in the short, with almond and hops returning in the long. 
Elegant, intricately rich. Lemon verbena, raw honey, mango, star jasmine, roasted cacao nib in aroma and cup. Vibrantly sweet-tart in structure with juicy acidity; syrupy mouthfeel. The crisp, cocoa-toned finish consolidates to notes of lemon verbena and jasmine. 
Fruit-toned, engagingly complex. Mulberry, musk, cocoa, freesia-like flowers, elderflower liqueur in aroma and cup. Balanced in structure (sweet, tart, savory); plush, lively mouthfeel. The resonant finish leads with fruit (think berry medley) in the short, while the long is characterized by spice-toned florals and a hint of sweet ferment.
Evaluated as espresso. Richly floral, spice-toned. Lavender, baker’s chocolate, dried strawberry, sandalwood, lemon zest in aroma and small cup. Full, syrupy mouthfeel; dry, fruit-toned finish with hints of sandalwood. In three parts milk, chocolate notes turn toward sweet caramel and the spicy floral and dried berry notes amplify. 
Evaluated as espresso. Bright, richly sweet, fruit- and cocoa-toned. Pomegranate, dark chocolate, narcissus, hazelnut, vanilla in aroma and small cup. Plush, creamy mouthfeel; sweetly tart finish with notes of pomegranate and hazelnut. Resonant and flavor-saturated in three parts milk; chocolate and tart fruit lead, with narcissus-like flowers ringing into the long finish.
Evaluated as espresso. Rose-like flowers, chocolate fudge, cannabis flower, black cherry, fresh-cut cedar in aroma and small cup. Syrupy, vibrant mouthfeel; richly drying, sweet-savory finish. This coffee levitates in three parts milk, with rich notes of rose-like flowers ensconced in deep chocolate and a cannabis-like muskiness.
Evaluated as espresso. Lush, complex, richly sweet-savory. Peach, fine musk, cocoa powder, freesia-like flowers, pungent frankincense in aroma and small cup. Plump, syrupy mouthfeel; clean, crisp, cocoa-toned finish. The cocoa notes from the small cup bloom into dark chocolate in cappuccino-scaled milk, nicely complicated by flowers and frankincense.
Evaluated as espresso. Deeply rich, crisply sweet, fruit- and chocolate-toned. Dried mango, chocolate fudge, narcissus-like flowers, roasted almond, fresh-cut cedar in aroma and small cup. Lively, silky smooth mouthfeel; resonant, flavor-saturated finish. The chocolate-forward presentation in three parts milk is nuanced by notes of mango and fresh-cut cedar.
Sweetly and gently tart. Lavender, brown sugar, lemon zest, honeydew melon, fresh pipe tobacco in aroma and cup. Delicately sweet-tart and juicy in structure; lightly syrupy in mouthfeel. Flavor consolidates but rings on in a resonant finish.
Sweet yet zesty, vivacious. Honey, peach, ripe lime zest, black tea, a hint of parsley in aroma and cup. Sweetly brisk, lively in structure; light but satiny mouthfeel. Flavor consolidates around floral honey and peach in a crisply sweet-toned finish.
Deeply pungent and richly sweet. Lavender, baker’s chocolate, oak, ripe fig, a hint of ginger in aroma and cup. Roundly sweet-tart and juicy in structure; full and satiny in mouthfeel. Baker’s chocolate carries distinctly and pleasingly into an otherwise short finish.  
Richly low-toned, gently zesty. Cedar, baker’s chocolate, grapefruit zest, apple, a hint of magnolia-like flowers in aroma and cup. Sweetly and quietly tart in structure, with a brisk edge. Plump mouthfeel. Flavor consolidates in a sweet, though rather drying, finish.
Spice-toned, richly sweet, deeply savory. White peach, fine musk, freesia, almond, myrrh in aroma and cup. Delicate, sweet-savory structure, with bright, juicy acidity. The resonant, richly drying finish leads with white peach and musk in the short, rounding to notes of sweet almond with a hint of myrrh in the long.
Balanced, richly sweet-savory. Lemon verbena, roasted cacao nib, date, honeysuckle, cinnamon in aroma and cup. Crisply sweet in structure, with brisk acidity; velvety mouthfeel. The sweetly herbaceous finish consolidates to notes of lemon verbena and cocoa-toned cinnamon. 
